---
id: 26
title: "25th post on January 25th 2025"
description: "\"This year will be my year\" said everyone ever." 
image: images/blog/thumbnails/2025.png
date: "2025-01-25"
tags:
  - zhuxw
  - life
  - 2025
---

Can you believe I wrote exactly 24 posts since the start of this blog just to be able to make a commemorative **25th post on January 25th, 2025** ? 

This was definitely planned and not at all a coincidence, trust me.

I have most certainly not been procrastinating for 25 days to write my first post of the year, which was supposed to be the closure of my 1 year shitcoin challenge on January 1st.\
No, none of that.

Anyways, let's dive into today's topic, which is **NOTHING**.

Yes, I have nothing planned, but I feel compelled to write a post because we're already at the end of the month, and I said I would actually start improving on my writing skills this year.

# 2024 in numbers

- **17 posts** 
- **+2.4 kilos** of pure muscle (cough) 
- **49 workouts**, averaging about 0.94 per week. Close enough to call it weekly, right?
- **0 books**

# Books

**BREAKING NEWS**: I've started to read books again after probably close to seven years.

Now, don't get me wrong, I've been reading mangas and webtoons daily for more than a decade.

I'm talking specifically about paper with no images on it. That's right, actual **BOOKS**.

Getting a Kobo e-reader for my birthday opened my eyes to the infinite knowledge books can provide, and I've already got a bunch of books lined up, ready to be read.

I've just finished the first one in the list, and thanks to it, I've now learned the subtle art of giving fewer fucks to what shouldn't be given fucks to begin with. 

# Crypto market snapshot

So, I took 2 days to write this, meaning this paragraph was actually written on the 27th and Deepseek just dropped, annihilating **$NVDA**, all AI stocks, and the financial markets in general.

Here's the state of crypto right now:

**January 27th at 17:38:**

- **BTC**: $99900
- **ETH**: $3093.6
- **SOL**: $229.52
- **TIA**: $3.975
- **OP**: $1.405
- **OM**: $4.6366
- **ZRO**: $3.73
- **BILLY**: $0.005960

# X incident

I just got banned 40 minutes ago on X/Twitter for **violating their rules against inauthentic accounts**.

Well, first of all, **thank you** for blatantly accusing me of being an unoriginal and imitative person.

You know what the worst about this situation is? I literally **subscribed to their yearly premium** on December.

I’ve reached out to support, hoping for a **reasonable explanation**, but all I got was an automated response. 

Apparently, they'll "respond if they feel it’s necessary."

So now, they’re leaving me hanging, with no clear timeline on when (or if) I’ll get any resolution.

Retar Dio.

# 2025

- Write 2 posts a month
- Weight loss to at least 70 kg
- Work out more
- Read at least 2 books a month

# Conclusion

If there's one thing I've learned from all this, it's that consistency matters—whether in writing, working out, or anything in general.

Let’s see if I actually keep up with these goals or if I’ll be back here in a year.

Either way, stay tuned.